a touch is an invitation to get to know
each other but is it all too good to be
true the great silverback he won't be so
easily impressed here he's the boss spy
gorilla won't be welcomed
without his Cecil a warning everyone
must stay back can our spy when him over
to they await the Silverbacks decision
until then there's a line no one can
cross his arm a barrier between them and
the newcomer to show respect our spy
averts his gaze decision made spiderella
can stay
everyone can relax once more in adults
chest-beating is a show of power for
youngsters it's an invitation to play
[Music]
but games easily get out of hand
oops his look says it all
[Music]
best pretend it never happened
but it's not the end for our spy he
lives to film another day
you